hey internets so like in last Monday's
meal Monday video where I shared with
you three healthy breakfast recipe
today's lighting is equally awful
because instead of being early in the
morning it's late at night I'm wall
blade ish because now it gets dark up
basically 4:00 p.m. which is really sad
in this kind of weather one of my
favorite recipes to make is minestrone
because it is such a good way to have
every color of the rainbow in vegetables
all in one delicious warming soup and I
wanted to share with you my recipe for
it because I think it is such a great
warming dinner also makes an amazing
easy lunch that I never get tired of
which is so important if you're going to
be eating something repeatedly
throughout the week because you made a
huge batch so that's exactly what I'm
going to show you how to do tonight
we're gonna make minestrone together so
if you'd like to know how to make that
delicious healthy soup then keep
watching so to make my version of
minestrone you will need the following
ingredients from left to right four or
five large carrots a couple of parsnips
four cloves of garlic a couple of stalks
of celery I'm using three a large bunch
of kale a box of pasta you're only going
to need about half of the box if you're
making a very large batch of soup that
is still plenty and using cut macaroni
although traditional you would actually
be snipped aleni
I just don't have any on hand then
you'll need a wedge of parmesan
including the rind
a large onions with crushed tomatoes
beans of your choice I'm using kidney
and pinto then you'll need some stock
and some red chili flakes if you like a
little spice to your life as well as the
obvious salt and pepper the spices I
like to use in my minestrone or turmeric
which is really great for you it's a
great anti-inflammatory paprika which
adds a really nice little smoky hint
some time I don't have any fresh thyme
using dried and some fresh rosemary from
my balcony alright so as I hope you guys
can hear from that circling sound I
frying up my aromatic festival so that's
my summary my carrots onions garlic and
also the percent since I have it might
as well stir-fry it with the rest the
only tip that I would give you guys is
for the kale and any other sort of OTC
goodies that you might add to your
minestrone do not add it now I do not
even a degree of your beans or tomatoes
or your broth which I'm just gonna show
you all those substances fry it up and
softened up a little bit but you don't
want add the greens
until the last minute because otherwise
if you leave all of this flavor and
color and cut some ground and grow it
horrible you really just want to will
quickly leave in the soup gonna be about
ten minutes so I'll show you guys that
step when we get to it to my fried
vegetable mixture I'm going to add my
crushed tomatoes and I'm making a mess
on my spoon because I am looking at this
through a viewfinder beauty guru
problems you guys will not have this
problem when you are making this I
promise I'm also gonna rinse off the can
of tomato with water after but I don't
have a hand to do that because I'm
holding the camera then I'm gonna add my
first can of beans which I have rinsed
really really well you definitely want
to make sure that you do that I'm going
to dump my generous parmesan rind in
there and make sure you fish that out at
the end I like to nibble on it because
I'm strange like that and it's delicious
and then I'm going to add to this
mixture
simultaneously rinsing off my spoon I
know I'm so smart about 10 cups of
liquid or until you feel like it's
perfect for you depends how much liquid
you want in your bra and how thick you
want it if you want it more of like a
soupy kind of consistency or more of a
stew alike consistence my soup has
simmered for about two hours which is a
really good amount you can do a little
bit less or a little bit more a lot
depends on how tender you would like
your carrots and I've washed and torn up
my kale and removed all of the stems the
middle parts because that's really tough
and you don't want that in your soup or
any
really for the most part you can see
this looks like a lot but it's really
going to wilt down into the soup and
plus is good for you I would struggle to
eat this much kale if it wasn't all
wilted and in a soup so I mean at that
and I actually just like to add my pasta
at the same time so I have my elbow
pasta right here and I'm gonna add about
half of the box so I guess that's about
250 grams into the soup and it'll just
absorb all the delicious flavors as its
cooking and then I'll show you guys my
bowl and once it's ready so there is the
finished product I think it looks pretty
yummy you guys can see the steam rising
off of it dramatically
I really enjoyed sharing this recipe
with you it's one of my favorite staples
for an easy falling winter dinner or
lunch and it travels to the office
really really well and it's just so
warming and comforting and full of a lot
of different veggies which is great for
you you so much for coming to hang out
with me in the kitchen today for my meal
Monday series and I will see you guys in
my next video bye